Google re captcha (#580)
magento/merchdocs: src/stores/security-captcha.md

title: CAPTCHA
---

> A CAPTCHA is a visual device that ensures that a human being, rather than a computer, is interacting with the site. CAPTCHA is an acronym for _Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart_. It can be used for both Admin and customer account logins. Magento supports the standard CAPTCHA that is described in this topic, and also [Google reCAPTCHA]({% link stores/security-google-recaptcha.md %}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A CAPTCHA is a visual device that ensures that a human being, rather than a computer (or "bot"), is interacting with the site. CAPTCHA is an acronym for _Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart_. It can be used for both Admin and customer account logins. Magento supports the standard CAPTCHA that is described in this topic and [Google reCAPTCHA]({% link stores/security-google-recaptcha.md %}).
```
